README.md, before:

# MoJ Forms Maintenance Page

## Overview
This directory contains the manifest files needed to deploy namespace level maintenance page to the MoJ Forms services namespaces.

This directory also contains the maintenance page HTML file, along with a DockerFile to compile an image.

## Deploying the page

The deployment will create pods starting with `fb-maintenance-page-*` and a service named `fb-maintenance-page-svc`.

## Redirecting traffic

Once deployed traffic must be redirected to it.

This can be achieved by changing the `service.name` field in your current ingress to point to `fb-maintenance-page-svc`.
This can either be done by redeploying the ingress or doing an in-place edit of the ingress.

## Custom HTML

The HTML provided by default is a basic MoJ-branded page.
If you wish to customize it, you will need to:
  - Clone this repo
  - Update the `index.html`
  - ```docker build . -t 754256621582.dkr.ecr.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/cloud-platform/maintenance:0.2.0-MY-APP-NAME ```
  - ```docker push 754256621582.dkr.ecr.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/cloud-platform/maintenance:0.2.0-MY-APP-NAME ```
  - Update the image tag used in the deployment file.

Commit message:

Add script to enable and disable the maintenance page in a given namespace
There are some caveats for this script:

This only works on Macs. Sorry Windows. Actually, not sorry. Just being
polite. This is because of how sed works.

action, namespace and hostname_prefix needs to be provided as arguments
to the script or it will not run correctly.

This is a temporary measure to get this working in the shortest space of
time. The template is a direct copy from that of the one in the Editor
that is used whenever a form is published to a namespace. If that ever
changes then this template becomes out of date.

The better implementation would be to put this into the admin dashboard.
Future selves I guess.

README.md, after:

# MoJ Forms Maintenance Page

## Overview
This directory contains the manifest files needed to deploy namespace level maintenance page to the MoJ Forms services namespaces.

This directory also contains the maintenance page HTML file, along with a DockerFile to compile an image.

## Deploying the page

The deployment will create pods starting with `fb-maintenance-page-*` and a service named `fb-maintenance-page-svc`.

## Redirecting traffic

Once deployed traffic must be redirected to it.

This can be achieved by changing the `service.name` field in your current ingress to point to `fb-maintenance-page-svc`.
This can either be done by redeploying the ingress or doing an in-place edit of the ingress.

## Custom HTML

The HTML provided by default is a basic MoJ Forms braned page. Customise it how you see fit. Raise a PR. Merge it. Cross fingers.

## Enabling and Disabling namespace level maintenance page

It is important to check whether the template used as the basis for the ingress configuration has not changed. It can be found [in the editor](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/fb-editor/blob/main/config/publisher/cloud_platform/ingress.yaml.erb).

To enable or disable the maintance page in a given namespace:

```
./bin/maintenance_mode <action> <mamespace> <hostname_postfix>
```

`action` is one of:

- enable
- disable

`namespace` is one of:

- formbuilder-services-test-dev
- formbuilder-services-test-production
- formbuilder-services-live-dev
- formbuilder-services-live-production

`hostname_postfix` is one of:

- `dev.test.form.service.justice.gov.uk` if the namespace is `formbuilder-services-test-dev`
- `test.form.service.justice.gov.uk` if the namespace is `formbuilder-services-test-production`
- `form.service.justice.gov.uk` if the namespace is `formbuilder-services-live-dev`
- `form.service.justice.gov.uk` if the namespace is `formbuilder-services-live-production`
